[8.1] API documentation for Endpoint Event Filters (#1646)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/api/event-filters-api.asciidoc

:endpoint-artifact-list-id:     endpoint_events

> :endpoint-artifact-name:        Event Filters
> :endpoint-artifact-name-single: Event Filter

Reviewer: The term "event filters" doesn't need to be capitalized on its own, since it's not a proper name. I think these attributes can be lowercase, because the two below are reserved for special cases where capitalization might be needed to start a sentence or heading.
```suggestion
:endpoint-artifact-name:        event filters
:endpoint-artifact-name-single: event filter
```

:endpoint-artifact-name-sentence-start: Event filters
:endpoint-artifact-name-single-sentence-start: Event filter
:endpoint-artifact-api-doc-name: event-filter

[[event-filters-api]]

> === {endpoint-artifact-name}

Reviewer: Combined with my edit above, I think this attribute needs to be replaced, so that the page title has the right capitalization:
```suggestion
=== {endpoint-artifact-name-sentence-start}
```

> Create, retrieve, update and delete endpoint <<event-filters>> via API. {endpoint-artifact-name} are managed via the <<exceptions-api-overview>> using a static container id (`list_id`) of `pass:a[{endpoint-artifact-list-id}]` , which must be created prior to adding an event filter. Access to these APIs require that a user has authorization to manage endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create, retrieve, update and delete endpoint <<event-filters>> via API. {endpoint-artifact-name} are managed via the <<exceptions-api-overview>> using a static container id (`list_id`) of `pass:a[{endpoint-artifact-list-id}]`, which must be created prior to adding an event filter. To access these APIs, users must have permission to manage endpoints.
```

> Create, retrieve, update and delete endpoint <<event-filters>> via API. {endpoint-artifact-name} are managed via the <<exceptions-api-overview>> using a static container id (`list_id`) of `pass:a[{endpoint-artifact-list-id}]`, which must be created prior to adding an event filter. To access these APIs, users must have permission to manage endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create, retrieve, update and delete endpoint <<event-filters>> via API. {endpoint-artifact-name-sentence-start} are managed via the <<exceptions-api-overview>> using a static container id (`list_id`) of `pass:a[{endpoint-artifact-list-id}]`, which must be created prior to adding an event filter. To access these APIs, users must have permission to manage endpoints.
```

        "id": "cd85d25c-6cb1-83a4-bcfc-915a270c19c1"
      }
    ]
    "created_at": "2022-03-01T16:24:39.471Z",
    "created_by": "user",
    "description": "some description about this entry updated",
    "entries": [
        {
          "field": "process.executable",
          "operator": "included",
          "type": "match",
          "value": "c:\\applications\\elastic\\fooV2.exe"
        }
    ],
    "id": "17ba1bf0-997c-11ec-b212-9f4ed8b5942f",
    "item_id": "29f480e6-6d34-4bc7-9038-f809f11cb679",
    "list_id": "{endpoint-artifact-list-id}",
    "name": "Some name for this item updated",
    "namespace_type": "agnostic",
    "os_types": [
        "windows"
    ],
    "tags": [
        "policy:all"
    ],
    "tie_breaker_id": "c6bedf22-2292-4d4a-8eb8-e29a50b5b519",
    "type": "simple",
    "updated_at": "2022-03-01T17:21:07.273Z",
    "updated_by": "user"
}
  ],
  "page": 1,
  "per_page": 10,
  "total": 1
}
--------------------------------------------------

include::_exceptions-api-reusable-content.asciidoc[tag=endpoint-exceptions-value-types-info-section]

[#exception-{endpoint-artifact-api-doc-name}-item-entry-schema]
===== `entry` object schema

> {endpoint-artifact-name} allow for an unlimited number of conditions to be defined. Each {endpoint-artifact-name-single} entry contains an `entry` object that has`type`, `value`, `field` and `operator` keys with values. The following operators are supported in an entry object: 

Reviewer: Missing space:
```suggestion
{endpoint-artifact-name} allow for an unlimited number of conditions to be defined. Each {endpoint-artifact-name-single} entry contains an `entry` object that has `type`, `value`, `field` and `operator` keys with values. The following operators are supported in an entry object: 
```

> {endpoint-artifact-name} allow for an unlimited number of conditions to be defined. Each {endpoint-artifact-name-single} entry contains an `entry` object that has `type`, `value`, `field` and `operator` keys with values. The following operators are supported in an entry object: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{endpoint-artifact-name-sentence-start} allow for an unlimited number of conditions to be defined. Each {endpoint-artifact-name-single} entry contains an `entry` object that has `type`, `value`, `field` and `operator` keys with values. The following operators are supported in an entry object: 
```

====== Operator `is`

Whatever matches with a single value

[source,json]
-----------------------------
{
  "field": "process.executable.caseless",
  "value": "c:/path/to/file.exe",
  "type": "match",
  "operator": "included"
}
-----------------------------

====== Operator `is not`

Whatever does not matches with a single value

[source,json]
-----------------------------
{
  "field": "process.executable.caseless",
  "value": "c:/path/to/file.exe",
  "type": "match",
  "operator": "excluded"
}
-----------------------------

====== Operator `is one of`

Whatever matches with an array of values

[source,json]
-----------------------------
{
  "field": "process.executable.caseless",
  "value": ["c:/path/to/file.exe", "c:/path/to/file2.exe"],
  "type": "match_any",
  "operator": "included"
}
-----------------------------

====== Operator `is not one of`

Whatever does not matches with an array of values

[source,json]
-----------------------------
{
  "field": "process.executable.caseless",
  "value": ["c:/path/to/file.exe", "c:/path/to/file2.exe"],
  "type": "match_any",
  "operator": "excluded"
}
-----------------------------

====== Nested conditions

> You can add nested conditions to your entries array, for example:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the case of a `nested` entry, the top-level only has `type`, `field`, and an `entries` array that holds a list of `entry` objects:
```
